on a portable power bank Wireless AP SD
card and USB reader for your mobile
devices check the link in the video
description to learn more about the
adata - drive air AE 400 now the obvious
thing the obvious misunderstanding is
the Logitech g600 2 is a follow up to
the G 600 it is not in fact brandon was
asking me before we started so for those
of you who don't know Brandon is b-roll
everyone's decided that they want to use
their real names now so there you have
it
so Brandon was asking me well ok what's
it like how does it compare to that
other one we have and I kind of went I
don't know like I don't know what to say
because the G 602 is so different from
any other product like what is it is it
an FPS mouse is it an MMO Mouse is it a
wireless mouse is that a gaming mouse is
that this is it that it's a lot of
different things and I really feel like
particularly with Logitech's pricing of
this mouse they've made a lot of other
products in the market from other
product lines and from their own product
line kind of irrelevant which is both a
compliment as well as something you know
kind of kind of scary because from a
business perspective you want you know a
better average sell price you want you
know better margin you want this you
want that and this is a very value
oriented option that appeal should
appeal to almost anyone so without
further ado this my friends is the G 602
buckle my shoe anyway so it takes their
new science wins approach to design
which means a couple of different things
well most importantly very very rugged
materials so the finish on the top is a
slightly textured hard plastic finish
for the left and right mouse buttons a
rubberized textured finish here for the
palm rest and then a more textured matte
black that goes all the way around the
right side of the mouse all the way to
the back and then around the left side
where your thumb rests so this kind of
reminds me of their older like they're
really old performance mxr like like
they're really shapely wireless mice a
little bit in terms of the shape a much
more sleek more streamlined lower more
optimized for gaming
okay so that the whole idea behind
science wins is these materials aren't
going to wear out the next idea behind
science winds is other things aren't
going to wear out so these buttons here
are rated for twenty million clicks each
which is outstanding but feet on the
bottom are rated for 250 kilometers of
travel and you can tell there's quite a
large surface area to them both around
the outsides of the mouse as well as
around the optical sensor yes my friends
this is an optical mouse it is a sort of
closer to $100 than it is to $50 optical
mouse that only runs at 2500 dpi and you
might kind of go oh well I could get a
higher dpi Mouse for that money yes you
could but would you need it this is a
return to practicality is the DPI race
over Logitech g600 2 says may be which
is fascinating to me because 2500 dpi is
more than I've ever used in my life and
some people do particularly like very
high sensitivity but many don't
and some people are noticing issues
particularly with laser mice which the
very high DPI Mouse tend to be and
acceleration issues and we shouldn't see
any of that although I haven't tried the
mouse yet but I'm stoked to turn it on
so also here on the bottom we're going
to find a power switch so you can turn
it off or you can turn it on but I can't
imagine why you'd want to turn it off
more on that in a moment
as well as check that out double-a
batteries gone are the proprietary
battery packs and what's even more
impressive about this is the battery
life of this mouse logitech is quoting
250 hours if you have both batteries
installed of continuous gaming in gaming
performance mode so like if you could
actually game for 250 hours straight
then you could probably drain both
batteries you don't have to use both
batteries if you want to adjust the
weight and the weight distribution you
can install just one battery either in
the right or in the left and you'll get
about 125 hours it actually says 240
hours on the Box 250 on their website so
let's just assume somewhere in that
range and then half of somewhere in that
range
you can also switch it to endurance mode
using the switch right here and then you
will actually get seen green and blue so
in like green endurance mode you can get
up to 1400 hours of battery life on a
single charge so
this is a prime candidate for just
having a couple rechargeable batteries
nearby and basically not even worrying
about the wireless aspect now they've
they're claiming that it is gaming grade
Wireless so no perceivable latency
however it should be noted that this
mouse only does 500 Hertz so 500 reports
per second we've seen gaming mice that
are capable of a thousand but that
really raises the question can people
feel the difference between 500 Hertz
and a thousand and how would that affect
battery life and all those other things
so is this the reasonable trade-off in
much the same way that 2500 dpi is I'll
let you guys be the judge of that
because while I haven't used fire higher
than 2500 dpi on a regular basis I do
tend to crank my mice up to as high a
refresh rate as I can so now let's go
ahead and have a look at the actual
mouse because we've talked a lot about
the technology not a lot about what's on
here so it has 11 programmable buttons
so you can see that there are some very
sensitively laid out G keys this is
again where I find this mouse to be kind
of in-between fps and MMO if you look at
the layout of the buttons on the Left
there's enough that you could you know
get some you know toots and toolbelt or
whatever bindings going on in there and
there's sort of more than you might need
for a typical FPS you know if you just
need push-to-talk throw grenade melee
and that's about it but I personally
think there's a really good balance
because I can actually reach them all so
while an MMO Mouse might make might you
know you might want more buttons the
reality of it is you're not going to be
able to tactile II feel a lot of them
anyway and this even with my smaller
hands is very comfortable and very
reachable which is which is cool so it's
up to you guys whether sort of again the
race to more actually makes sense or
whether it doesn't on the top two more
programmable buttons up here so these
are by default bound to dpi so you have
five different dpi settings right there
1 2 3 4 5 works just the same way as
many other Logitech mice do but of
course you can remap them to macros or
other functionality or whatever else the
case may be
oh yeah accessories right I guess that
matters so there's they're included
wireless dongle
which is extremely low profile not their
Universal receiver which can have up to
6 different devices because this is a
gaming grade one and then you've also
got a little extension doodad here so
you can plug
get into your USB port and then have it
sit somewhere a little bit closer to you
mice if that makes you feel better for
whatever reason so that's pretty much it
guys I mean the only thing left is what
do you oh yeah there's a battery
indicator apparently right now that
would be here of course um so the only
thing left is what do you guys think
what Mouse is this most similar to what
would you compare it to and are you
looking real closely at the gee 602
right about now don't forget to
subscribe to Linus tech tips from
unboxings reviews and other computer
videos leave a like on the video if you
liked it leave a dislike if you disliked
it both of those are okay and leave a
comment telling me what you think